I want to read a few verses again in Luke chapter one.
Verse 34, how will this be Mary asked the angel since I'm a virgin?
The angel answered, the Holy Spirit will come upon you and the power of the Most High will shadow you.
So the Holy One to be born will be called the Son of God.
Even Elizabeth, your relative is going to have a child
in her old age.
And she who was said to be unable to conceive is in her six month, for no word from God will ever fail.
Amen.
I want to preach as the Holy Spirit shall help me as you shall pray for me from the topic, becoming a believer, becoming
a believer.
Lord, bless your word.
Bless your preacher.
Bless the hearts, minds and spirits of your people.
Let your word fall on fresh and fertile ground.
Remove every distraction that might keep us from hearing, comprehending and believing your word.
Have your way in Jesus' name.
Amen.
The Christian life is a called life.
As Christians, we are not called to live accidentally, incidentally, or haphazardly.
But as Christians, we are called
to live as representatives of the Lord Jesus Christ.
As Christians, we represent Jesus Christ in all that we do, everywhere we go, in what we do, in what we say and how we act and how we react and how we respond.
As Christians, we are called to represent Jesus in the world.
As representatives of Jesus, we're called to be encouragers and evangelists.
We're called to be laborers and lovers.
We're called to be saints and servants.
We're called to be worshipers and witnesses.
We call it to be friends and followers.
We call it to be influencers and intercessors.
As Christians, we are called to be representatives of the Lord Jesus Christ.
According to this familiar New Testament text, like Mary, the mother of our Savior and Lord Jesus Christ,
We are also called and challenged to become believers.
This New Testament narrative that describes how the prophet Gabriel approaches Mary concerning her assignment is significant because it describes how Mary becomes a believer.
And as followers of the Lord Jesus Christ who represent Jesus Christ in the world, we are called not just to believe, but more significantly, we are called to believe what God says.
Through the angel Gabriel, Mary receives shocking, seemingly
impossible news concerning her assignment.
According to the text, Mary is going to be the mother of the Christ child.
What is significant is that Mary is patrolled to Joseph and is a virgin.
Yet the text says,
Mary is going to be impregnated by the Holy Spirit.
I wish I had some help on this Sunday morning.
And despite how it sounds, despite how it's physically and logically impossible, Mary says yes.
Help me preach this.
She's going to be impregnated by the Holy Spirit.
Help me now.
And she says yes to being the mother of our Savior and Lord Jesus Christ.
And despite how crazy it sounds, Mary believes what God says.
And I'm preaching this to somebody on this Sunday morning and preaching this to watch chapel who has gathered virtually and in person because sometimes we are challenged
and called to believe what God says, even when it doesn't make sense.
Can I preach this?
It's easy to believe something that is logical, rational, and sensical.
But it's challenging to believe something that is seemingly impossible, illogical, irrational, and nonsensical.
Let me run this by you again.
The Holy Spirit tells Mary through Gabriel that she's going to be impregnated by a ghost.
And Mary believes what God says.
Mary has not been with the man, but Mary is crazy enough.
Help me somebody believes God enough that she is willing to believe what God says.
And I'm preaching this word to challenge everybody who has gathered on this Sunday morning, not just to be a believer, but to believe what God says.
It's easy to believe the easy stuff.
But I'm talking about believing God when it doesn't make sense.
When you don't, when your money is funny, do you believe that God is still a provider and a way maker?
But the doctor says things don't look good.
Do you still believe that God is a healer and the restorer of your health?
When it seems like everything is going awry, do you still believe that God still has all power in his hand?
When it seems like 44, I mean 45 and 47, keep acting a dog on full.
Do you still believe that God raises up and sits down?
It's easy to believe what we see.
But are we willing to believe what God says when it's not logical, when it's not rational, and when it's not sensical?
Can I preach this?
But I'm preaching this word to challenge everybody to become a believer in what God says.
I find it interesting, watch chapel, that sometimes we can believe other people, things and stuff.
But sometimes we have a hard time believing what God says as if God is an ordinary average God.
God is the God of creation.
God is the God who made us in his own image.
God is the God who stepped out of nowhere onto somewhere and created everywhere.
God is the God who's allowing it to snow in the Midwest, but keeping the temperature in the 40s here in the Southeast.
Can I preach on this Sunday morning?
God is the God of creation and the God who sustains us.
But sometimes we are willing to believe other stuff more than we are willing to believe what God says.
We'll believe in science and technology, but we'll doubt and disbelieve what God says.
We'll believe in superstitions and old wives tales,
But we'll doubt and disbelieve what God says.
We'll believe in astrology and zodiac signs that Leos ought to be married to Aquarians and Capricorns ought to be married to Scorpios.
Y'all ain't talking to me.
But we'll doubt and disbelieve what God says.
We'll believe Tyrone and Shenanay, but we'll disbelieve and doubt what God says.
We'll believe in Bitcoin and cryptocurrency, but we'll doubt and disbelieve what God says.
We'll believe the lies.
Y'all ain't talking to me.
45 and 47 bold things lies.
Tongue about some bollings are dirty, nasty people.
Tell that to somebody else.
I wish I could say what I want to say.
Help me preach this.
but will doubt and disbelieve what God says.
Yet according to Luke chapter one, watch chapel, Mary becomes a believer.
And you might not be a believer now, but in 15 minutes when the sermon is done, everybody ought to believe more and differently than you believe right now.
It's amazing how we can believe certain stuff.
But question, doubt, and disbelieve what God says.
But the angel Gabriel comes to marry, unexpected, unsolicited.
Says, you are going to be the mother of Jesus Christ.
Moreover, Mary raises the question that
Every sister in here would raise, how can this be?
Since I've not been with a man.
And then Gabriel says the Holy Spirit.
Come on, talk to me.
It's going to impregnate you.
And Mary says, yes.
Mary becomes a believer watch chapel because Mary receives the Word of God.
And if we're going to become believers, watch chapel, we have to revere and receive the word of God.
Gabriel, the angel, tells Mary what's going to happen.
It doesn't sound rational.
It doesn't sound logical.
It doesn't sound sensical.
But Mary receives the word of God.
And if we are going to become believers, watch chapel, we have to receive the word of God.
The word of God is a lamp unto our feet and a light unto our pathway.
Heaven and earth shall pass away, but the word of God will stand forever.
I wish I had some witnesses on this Sunday morning who knew about the power of God's word.
The Word of God is not an encyclopedia.
The Word of God is not the news and observer.
The Word of God does not need to be updated, edited for 2025.
The Word of God was good 20 years ago, 2000 years ago.
The Word of God is good right now.
We don't need to update or edit the Word of God to make it relevant and palatable for 2025.
Now, we just need to conform and wrap our mind around the power, truth, and veracity of the Word of God and live the Word of God because we have received the Word of God.
It's almost winter.
Amen.
Tough time of the year.
Good thing about winter spring is on the way.
Come on, help me, Holy Ghost.
Know about you.
I can't wait till March gets here.
During March, April, some of us plant seeds in the ground.
Because as we plant seeds in the ground, we hope anticipate and expect what has been received by the ground will produce a harvest and flourish and grow when the spring and summer gets here.
I don't care what kind of plant it is.
The ground has to receive it.
before it grows.
I'm talking to somebody right now, because you think I'm talking about plants, but I'm talking about the Word of God being planted in our heart.
I don't care if the preacher is tall or short.
I don't care if the preacher is chocolate or light.
I don't care if the preacher, what they look like, what he or she sound like, there comes to be a point where we got to receive the Word of God.
I don't like the way he put it.
I don't like the way she said it.
I'm used to my preacher hollering a little bit.
I'm used to my preacher sounding a little bit.
I'm used to my preacher wearing purple gators.
Now, all that is secondary, tertiary.
What matters is the word of God is being communicated with clarity.
And the more significant question is, am I receiving and receptive to the word of God?
Can I preach this and say something?
Styl should never trump substance.
The church ain't cold stone ice cream.
Church ain't 32 flavors.
I like this, I like that.
We get caught up so much in what we like.
Our personal preference is style.
That we are no longer receptive to the truth of God's word because we trump substance, the word for style.
But I need somebody, come on help me preach this, who's not gonna put style above substance.
who's not going to put the vessel above the truth of God's Word, who's not going to put looks and style and rhetoric and language above the truth of God's Word.
The Word of God ought to be received by the people of God.
Mary becomes a believer because Mary receives the Word of God, not just
Mary receiving the word of God, Mary becomes a believer watch chapel because she recognizes God's activity.
Gabriel tells Mary, I know it sounds crazy.
I know you're a virgin.
You've never been with a man.
And I know I'm telling you the Holy Ghost is going to impregnate you, but I want you to recognize the activity of God, your older cousin Elizabeth.
who is beyond the normal age of bearing children is right now six months pregnant.
I know it seems impossible, but I want you to recognize the activity of Almighty God.
And we become believers watch chapel, not just by receiving the word of God.
We become believers when we recognize God's activity.
God is still alive and working.
God is still able.
God is still doing the miraculous.
God is still doing the impossible.
Sometimes we just got to open our eyes, sanctify our eyes, sanctify our ears, and pay attention what God is doing in the lives of other people, in the lives of other churches, in the lives of other families.
God is still alive.
Sometimes our eyes are closed, our ears are closed, our spirits are not receptive, but I dare somebody to open your eyes to see what God is doing.
Open your ears to see how God is feeling.
Open your eyes to see how God is working in the lives of other people.
Do I have a witness in here on this Sunday morning?
Every now and then we need to listen to the testimonies of other people.
God is still moving, operating, doing the miraculous all around us.
Sometimes our faith is small and tonighty because we don't listen to the testimonies of other people.
We will gossip about other people.
Help me do my good preaching.
We'll mind somebody else's business, but are we willing to pay attention and recognize the activity of Almighty God?
They were sick, but God healed them.
That means God is working.
They were on drugs.
They were addicted to alcohol or drugs, but God delivered them.
That means God is working.
That child had turned their back to God and their family, but God turned them around.
They are now graduating from an institution of higher learning.
That means God is working.
And let me just make it simple for somebody.
God woke you up this morning.
That means God
God is working.
The brothers sang to the glory of God.
That means God is working.
Souls are being saved at watch chapel.
People were baptized last week.
That means God is working.
Sometimes we just got to recognize the activity of Almighty God.
She becomes a believer because she's recognizing God's activity.
If God can impregnate my older cousin Elizabeth with her old husband, Zachariah.
And maybe God has power.
Recognizes God's activity.
receives the word of God.
But becoming a believer requires that we rely on God's power.
You are smart, bright, capable, strong, credentialed, and de-greed.
Got life experience.
Ben some places, seeing some things, yet you and I are limited and finite.
But there is a God.
I wish I had some help who has all power.
There is a God who still can turn water into wine.
There is a God who can open and divide the Red Sea.
There is a God.
who can make the sun stand still.
There is a God who after three days can resurrect his son with all power.
And if you want to become a believer like Mary Watch Chapel, we got to rely on God's power.
There's some things that we can do, but there's some things that only God can do.
And I wish I had 500 folk who can look back over your life and think about where you are.
Think about where God brought you from.
Think about the testimony you can talk about right now.
And you can say, had it not been for the power of Almighty God, had it not leaned, relied, and defended on God, I wouldn't be where I am right now.
I wish I had a witness on this Sunday morning.
Sometimes we got to rely on God's power.
You don't have all the money, but I'm relying on God's power.
Don't have everything I need, but I'm relying on God's power.
That way I ought to be, but I'm relying on God's power.
God more vision than I do provision.
But I'm relying on God's power.
The doctor said things ain't looking good, but I'm relying on God's power.
Civil rights legislation being repealed, but I'm relying on God's power.
Crazy man, tearing up democracy, but I'm relying on God's power.
Do I have a witness on this Sunday morning?
Can God do anything but fail?
I do anything but fail.
And I don't know what you're going through and where you are right now.
But I'm crazy enough to lean on them, to trust them, and wait until God works it out.
Let me go home school and let me call somebody.
Has anybody seen God work?
Has anybody seen God's power?
Has his power saved you?
Has his power delivered you?
Has his power healed your body?
Has his power brought you from a mighty long way?
Thank God that he can do anything but feel ain't nothing too hard for God ain't no mountain too high, no valley too low, no eggs I am too difficult, no problem too hard, God is still able
I said, God is stealing.
God is stealing.
Ain't no.
Stand to your feet, watch, Stappell.
I'm challenging everybody to become a believer.
You're not a believer based upon what you see.
You are believer when you can't see it.
You are believer when you don't have it, but you keep walking as if you do have it.
You end up believer when the doctor says things are good.
You are believer when the doctor says,
But you walk out and say, I'm healed because he's Jehovah.
Come on now, y'all ain't talking to me.
Believing is what you don't see, what you can't touch, what you can't taste, what you can't feel when it don't look good.
But you still say God is able.
Faith is not logical.
If you think it's logical, you don't have faith.
Faith is not rational.
It's not logical.
It's not sensical.
It is nonsensical.
It is illogical.
It is irrational.
Angel tells you, sister, that you're going to be pregnant by the Holy Ghost.
So y'all been listening to the story too long.
We're too familiar with it.
If an angel shows up in your car when you get in the car and says you're about to be pregnant by the Holy Ghost, some of y'all gonna drive right to the hospital.
Let's say put me here for 72 hours.
And if you tell your man, come on now.
Gabriel stopped by and said, I'm gonna get pregnant by the Holy Ghost.
I know what's gonna happen with me.
I can't speak for some of y'all.
I'm gonna start praying a different prayer.
God challenges and calls us to be believers.
Receive the word of God.
recognize God's activity around you and rely on God's power.
There's somebody right now, my brother, my sister, you're here today.
You're not saved.
You don't have a church home.
I'm extending this invitation for you to become a Christian, for you to become a member of watch chapel.
You may be a Christian, but you don't have a church home and you need a church home.
Come on, brother.
Come on, sister.
Walk down the aisle from wherever you are right now.
Challenge you to come a believer.
New life is available, but it requires that we believe.
I don't care what you've been through.
God's power is greater.
Don't care what you don't have.
Don't pick out your life experiences.
God's power is superior.
to whatever we've done, what we haven't done, new life begins with Jesus Christ.
If I'm talking to you, I want you to walk down the aisle right now, somebody right now, you need to accept Christ as your savior.
Come on, brother, come on, sister.
Wherever you are, come on, walk down the aisle right now, or you're saved, but you don't have a church home and you need a church family.
You need people that are gonna pray with you, pray for you, you need a place
to use and exercise your gifts and talents for the glory of God.
Or draw somebody right now who needs a Savior.
Draw somebody right now who needs a church home.
Draw somebody right now who needs a new beginning in their lives.
Touch, have your way.
Bless, draw, compel, in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Is there somebody right now, my brother, my sister?
I'm going to open the altar for prayer because somebody right now you might be struggling with your faith.
You may be struggling.
Let me help somebody.
We will never obey God until we believe God.
And there's some blessings we have missed out.
What if Mary didn't believe?
Come on, I'm talking good.
belief is faith is ground one, then we obey.
But if we don't believe we're never going to obey, and there's some blessings we will miss out on because we never believed.
I'm talking to somebody who's having a belief issue right now.
I want you to come to the altar.
I want to pray that God catalyzes your belief, your faith.
God, it's how it looks.
that God will strengthen your faith in Him, that you'll become a believer, that you'll receive the word of God, that you'll recognize God's activity, and that you'll rely on God's power.
Something in your life, God is challenging you to believe.
It hadn't happened yet.
And you're struggling, you're depressed, you're discouraged.
I'm talking to somebody, come on down the aisle.
I want to pray over you, I want to pray for you.
job you've applied for, school that puts you on the waiting list, industry you're trying to break into, home ownership, talking to somebody, health issue, you and your spouse, pray about
conception, pregnancy.
You want to be married.
God ain't sent the right person yet.
You got a vision.
Y'all take a step forward.
Everybody take it.
Come on, all the way to the altar.
You got a vision, but you don't have the provision to support the vision.
Come on now.
challenging everybody to become a believer.
If God can't impregnate supernaturally, a young woman, which was a social scandal, God can work it out for your good.
I'm talking to somebody right now.
Somebody, I'm talking to somebody, gosh,
God has told you what to do, but you have an obeyed.
Consequently, you're in limbo.
You're in a holding pattern because you have not obeyed what God said.
And you've not obeyed because you have not believed first.
Lord, I come right now in Jesus' name, praying for every man and woman at this altar.
Praying for our belief in your ability, our belief in your power, our belief in what you can do, regardless of circumstances.
Our money is funny.
We're not articulate.
We don't have the degree.
Our credit is not where it should be.
But you've still given us the vision
You've given us the dream.
But yet, we're struggling with believing you.
Pray now that you strengthen our belief, our faith, our confidence in you.
So we might say yes even when it doesn't make sense.
When we don't have it,
that we'll keep walking forward.
Lord, I pray now for the faith of every man and woman at this altar, the faith of watch shop or the faith of those who have gathered online, strengthening, catalyze our faith so we might believe, regardless of what circumstances look like.
Believe that you're a healer, believe that you're a way maker, believe that you're a proprietor,
Believe that you're a door opener.
Believe that you're a healer.
Have your way, God.
Don't allow disbelief or doubt to rob, steal, or discourage.
In Jesus' name, the people of God said, Amen.
Amen.
And look at your neighbor, say, I want you to believe anyhow.
Stand to your feet, watch chapel.
Amen.
We're about to go.
Watch chapel.
We'll see everybody today at five o'clock p.m. For our Christmas drama, the promise of Emmanuel.
May the grace of our Lord and Savior, the love of God, the fellowship of the Holy Spirit, rest, rule that abide with us until we shall meet again.
Amen.